OSDOCS-7476: Adding RN that you can disable the BuildConfig and Deplo… (#63824)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-14-release-notes.adoc

For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_nutanix/installing-nutanix-three-node.adoc#installing-nutanix-three-node[Installing a three-node cluster on Nutanix].

[id="ocp-4-14-dc-build-apis-disabled"]

> ==== DeploymentConfig and Build APIs can now be disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Disabling DeploymentConfig and Build APIs
```

Reviewer 2: @agantony Since this is a release note, and not about how to disable the APIs, the title looks fine to me.

> The `DeploymentConfig` and `Build` APIs are now optional cluster capabilities and can be disabled prior to installation, if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DeploymentConfig` and `Build` APIs are now optional cluster capabilities and you can disable them prior to installation, if necessary.
```

Reviewer 2: If going by @agantony 's suggestion, splitting into 2 sentences will sound better. See below:

```suggestion
The `DeploymentConfig` and `Build` APIs are now optional cluster capabilities. You can disable them prior to installation, if necessary.
```

=== Machine Config Operator

[id="ocp-4-14-mco-ca-distribution"]
==== Handling of registry certificate authorities

> The Machine Config Operator now handles distributing certificate authorities for image registries. This change does not affect end users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Machine Config Operator now handles the distribution of certificate authorities for image registries. This change does not affect end users.
```

Reviewer 2: @agantony I believe this content is not a part of the changes. It's appearing only because of trailing spaces removal.
